In this lecture we will get some hands on experience converting H.T. Imelda sh t m l.
Let's start with the following HVM l code and then we will go step by step through the process of converting
it to ex-secret you know the first step is to replace the current h team L5 doc type with the X each
time l doc type
after that we need to add an X Allen attribute to the opening h g m l tags on our Web page.
In this case since we are only working with one page of HMO we only have one HDMI element then we need
to make sure that all attribute and element names are lowercase.
This is an important difference between h t m l n sh t m l.
In the case of this example this means changing the value of the name attribute in our H-1 tag to heading
with a lowercase h since all x h t l attributes need to have a lowercase value.
It also means changing the type attribute in our input element to have a lower case t since sh t about
attributes have lowercase names.
We need to make sure that we surround the attribute values in our code with quotes.
Notice that currently the type attribute in our input field has a value of text that isn't quoted.
We need to add quotes around the word text to fix this.
While we are looking at the input element for this example there is another change that we need to make.
Sh t m l does not support attribute minimisation.
This means that we need to change any boolean attributes to also have an equal sign and a value the
disabled attribute in our input field will be changed to disabled equals disabled with the attribute
value in quotes for our input element.
There is one last change that we need to make one of the rules of each team that we need to close all
empty elements.
Finally we need to get rid of all the name attributes on our element.
We can instead convert them to ID attributes.
Remember if there are any errors in our code our sh t m l won't run.
Let's run this code in a web browser and make sure that it works.
And there you have it.
That's how you convert HVM to Exige him out.
And the next lecture we will recap what we learned in this section of the course.